One of the biggest tips that I can give you
is to be persistent.
You're finding your journey to becoming a programmer.
That's how you get frustrated at times.
You'll even wanna give up at times,
but the people who succeed as a programmer work through that
and come out the other side as programmers,
so I think it's really important,
and that's why I'm telling you
right here at this early stage of the course
that you are going to be frustrated
at times with programming.
That's just the nature,
and it's really something that's applicable
anytime you're learning a new skill.
You get frustrated
because things aren't coming to you naturally,
but over time, you get better and better at programming,
and things will make a lot more sense.
So, I've actually got a link in the next video,
it's a text link, a text lecture rather,
and you can click on that and go to YouTube
and watch a video on persistence.
Really important there,
but there's also another important video,
also in that same lecture,
on the four stages of becoming a programmer.
I think it's mandatory viewing to watch both those videos
before we get into the programming side of the course
because that'll put you in the right mindset,
and you'll go in with the right expectations.
Now, I've got no doubt
that you can succeed as a programmer,
but going in with that mindset is one way
to really make sure that it's going to happen.